Update readmes to match common design (Scene category) 4/5 (#483)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: scene/scene-layer-selection/README.md

# Scene layer selection

Identify features in a scene to select.

![Image of scene layer selection](SceneLayerSelection.png)

## Use case

You can select features to visually distinguish them with a selection color or highlighting. This can be useful to demonstrate the physical extent or associated attributes of a feature, or to initiate another action such as centering that feature in the scene view.

## How to use the sample

> Click a building in the scene layer to select it. Deselect buildings by tapping away from the buildings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click a building in the scene layer to select it. Deselect buildings by clicking away from the buildings.
```

## How it works

1. Create an `ArcGISSceneLayer` passing in the URL to a scene layer service.

> 2. Use `sceneView.setOnTouchListener(...)` to get the screen tap location `screenPoint`.

Reviewer: reverting this back to original for Java platform ;)
```suggestion
2. Use `sceneView.setOnMouseClicked` to get the screen click location `Point2D`.
```

Author: Ohh I clearly lost focus on these ones! Sorry!!

> 3. Call `sceneView.identifyLayersAsync(sceneLayer, screenPoint, tolerance, false, 1)` to identify features in the scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call `sceneView.identifyLayersAsync(sceneLayer, point2D, tolerance, false, 1)` to identify features in the scene.
```

Author: Good catch, this must have been wrong for a while!

> 4. From the resulting `IdentifyLayerResult`, get the list of identified `GeoElements` with `result.getElements()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. From the resulting `IdentifyLayerResult`, get the list of identified `GeoElement`s with `result.getElements()`.
```
